[CN-1124] Update AdvancedNetwork WAN section adding WithExposeExternally serviceType (#216)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/advanced-networking.adoc

include::ROOT:example$/advanced-networking-wan.yaml[]
----

> After applying this example configuration, there will be 1 service created with a type of `LoadBalancer` which exposes 5 ports: `5710`, `5711`, `5712`, `5713`, `5714`. If you don't provide a `serviceType`, it will be set to `LoadBalancer` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After applying this example configuration, a single service is created with a type of `LoadBalancer`, which exposes five ports: `5710`, `5711`, `5712`, `5713`, `5714`. If you don't provide a `serviceType`, it is set to `LoadBalancer` by default.
```

Author: thanks for suggestion
